[feature][connector] ElasticSearch Sink: option to output canonical key fields (JSON and Avro) (#15426)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/io-elasticsearch-sink.md

| `compatibilityMode` | enum (AUTO,ELASTICSEARCH,ELASTICSEARCH_7,OPENSEARCH) | AUTO |  | Specify compatibility mode with the ElasticSearch cluster. `AUTO` value will try to auto detect the correct compatibility mode to use. Use `ELASTICSEARCH_7` if the target cluster is running ElasticSearch 7 or prior. Use `ELASTICSEARCH` if the target cluster is running ElasticSearch 8 or higher. Use `OPENSEARCH` if the target cluster is running OpenSearch. |
| `token` | String| false | " " (empty string)|The token used by the connector to connect to the ElasticSearch cluster. Only one between basic/token/apiKey authentication mode must be configured. |
| `apiKey` | String| false | " " (empty string)|The apiKey used by the connector to connect to the ElasticSearch cluster. Only one between basic/token/apiKey authentication mode must be configured. |

> | `canonicalKeyFields` | Boolean | false | false | If canonicalKeyFields is true and record key schema is JSON or AVRO, the serialized object will not consider the properties order. |

Reviewer: @momo-jun could you please help review this PR from the technical writing pespective after the technical review? Thanks!

> | `canonicalKeyFields` | Boolean | false | false | If canonicalKeyFields is true and record key schema is JSON or AVRO, the serialized object will not consider the properties order. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `canonicalKeyFields` | Boolean | false | false | Whether to sort the key fields for JSON and Avro or not. If it is set to `true` and the record key schema is `JSON` or `AVRO`, the serialized object does not consider the order of properties. |
```
